README.md, before:

# integrative-task-computation-and-discrete-structures
Repository for the integrative task

The objective of this project is to develop a system that allows improving the process of entry and exit of passengers on an airline flight. To do this, a database with passenger information must be simulated, allowing the registration of their arrival at the boarding gate and showing the order in which they must enter the plane, taking into account the order of arrival and prioritizing first class accordingly. to certain additional criteria. In addition, an order of departure from the plane must be established taking into account its configuration, where the first to leave are those in the first rows and an established order is followed by proximity to the aisle or order of arrival. Efficiency and speed are key factors in the implementation of the system, since it is expected to handle large amounts of data.

Members:

Juan Felipe Jojoa - A00382042, Felipe Rojas Prado - A00393918

IDE: Visual Studio Code, Intellij Idea Latest Version

Java: Java 19, Latest version

Commit message:

Upload Instructions for execution README.md

README.md, after:

# integrative-task-computation-and-discrete-structures
Repository for the integrative task

The objective of this project is to develop a system that allows improving the process of entry and exit of passengers on an airline flight. To do this, a database with passenger information must be simulated, allowing the registration of their arrival at the boarding gate and showing the order in which they must enter the plane, taking into account the order of arrival and prioritizing first class accordingly. to certain additional criteria. In addition, an order of departure from the plane must be established taking into account its configuration, where the first to leave are those in the first rows and an established order is followed by proximity to the aisle or order of arrival. Efficiency and speed are key factors in the implementation of the system, since it is expected to handle large amounts of data.

Instructions:
In computer i have this path for the .csv files: E:\Felipe\Icesi\IntegradoraDiscretas\Integradora1\data 
The monitor has to change this path of hes computer for uploading the two files that are in the "data" class like this: E:\\Felipe\Icesi\\IntegradoraDiscretas\\Integradora1\\data\\info.csv and E:\\Felipe\Icesi\\IntegradoraDiscretas\\Integradora1\\data\\orden.csv

Note:
Remember that for each change of folder you have to add a "\\".


Members:

Juan Felipe Jojoa - A00382042, Felipe Rojas Prado - A00393918

IDE: Visual Studio Code, Intellij Idea Latest Version

Java: Java 19, Latest version
